README.md, before:

# swsh

[![CI tests (static)][ci-badge-static]
 ![CI tests (macOS)][ci-badge-mac]
 ![CI tests (linux)][ci-badge-linux]
][ci-tests]
[![documentation][docs-badge]][docs]
[![coverage][cov-badge]][cov]

A shell-scripting library for Swift, inspired by [scsh][scsh].

swsh makes writing shell scripts more fun by exchanging bash (or similar) for a better thought-out language like Swift. In the process,
a small amount of conciseness is traded for better quoting, error handling, and access to libraries.

Some poorly thought out examples:
```swift
import swsh

let rot13 = cmd("tr", "a-z", "n-za-m")
try! rot13.input("secret message").runString()
// -> "frperg zrffntr"

try! (rot13.input("secret") | rot13).runString()
// -> "secret"
try! (rot13 | rot13).input("secret").runString()
// -> "secret"

try! (cmd("ls") | cmd("sort", "-n")).runLines()
// -> ["1.sh", "9.sh", "10.sh"]

["hello", "world", ""].map { cmd("test", "-z", $0).runBool() }
// -> [false, false, true]

try! (cmd("false") | cmd("cat")).run()
// Fatal error: 'try!' expression unexpectedly raised an error: command "false" failed with exit code 256
```

[Full documentation][docs]

## Acknowledgements
I would like to thank the same people that scsh does.

[ci-tests]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/actions?query=branch%3Amaster
[docs]: https://cobbal.github.io/swsh/
[cov]: https://codecov.io/gh/cobbal/swsh
[scsh]: https://scsh.net/

[ci-badge-static]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/workflows/test-static/badge.svg
[ci-badge-mac]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/workflows/test-mac/badge.svg
[ci-badge-linux]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/workflows/test-linux/badge.svg
[docs-badge]: https://cobbal.github.io/swsh/badge.svg
[cov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/cobbal/swsh/branch/master/graph/badge.svg

Commit message:

doc(README): add link to real example

README.md, after:

# swsh

[![CI tests (static)][ci-badge-static]
 ![CI tests (macOS)][ci-badge-mac]
 ![CI tests (linux)][ci-badge-linux]
][ci-tests]
[![documentation][docs-badge]][docs]
[![coverage][cov-badge]][cov]

A shell-scripting library for Swift, inspired by [scsh][scsh].

swsh makes writing shell scripts more fun by exchanging bash (or similar) for a better thought-out language like Swift. In the process,
a small amount of conciseness is traded for better quoting, error handling, and access to libraries.

An example in actual use: [suggest-lint-fix.swift](https://github.com/instructure/canvas-ios/blob/master/scripts/build_automation/suggest-lint-fix.swift)

Some toy examples:
```swift
import swsh

let rot13 = cmd("tr", "a-z", "n-za-m")
try! rot13.input("secret message").runString()
// -> "frperg zrffntr"

try! (rot13.input("secret") | rot13).runString()
// -> "secret"
try! (rot13 | rot13).input("secret").runString()
// -> "secret"

try! (cmd("ls") | cmd("sort", "-n")).runLines()
// -> ["1.sh", "9.sh", "10.sh"]

["hello", "world", ""].map { cmd("test", "-z", $0).runBool() }
// -> [false, false, true]

try! (cmd("false") | cmd("cat")).run()
// Fatal error: 'try!' expression unexpectedly raised an error: command "false" failed with exit code 256
```

[Full documentation][docs]

## Acknowledgements
I would like to thank the same people that scsh does.

[ci-tests]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/actions?query=branch%3Amaster
[docs]: https://cobbal.github.io/swsh/
[cov]: https://codecov.io/gh/cobbal/swsh
[scsh]: https://scsh.net/

[ci-badge-static]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/workflows/test-static/badge.svg
[ci-badge-mac]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/workflows/test-mac/badge.svg
[ci-badge-linux]: https://github.com/cobbal/swsh/workflows/test-linux/badge.svg
[docs-badge]: https://cobbal.github.io/swsh/badge.svg
[cov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/cobbal/swsh/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
